Im gonna say the N word.

THAT’S RACSIST YOU CANT SAY THE N WORD!!!!

Mrs. Obama I’ve done it, I’ve stopped racism.

Thank you Skipper now I am free to roam this earth.

Not if I have anything to say about it, and I do!! I’m gonna say the N word!!!

MRS. OBAMA GET DOWN!

NNNIIIIGGGGAAAAA

Mrs. Obama where are you, are you ok?

She is no longer with us Skipper, and with her death I am finally free to say the N word whenever I want.

Not if I have anything to say about it Trump, and I do. Prepare for my Civil Rights Beam.

*Beam sound effect

*Epic guitar solo

*Screams

Skipper my son, you wouldn’t let me die, would you?

Shut up cracker.

Hey Kowalski who’s that guy in front of us rising out of the water?

It is I Barack Obama.

Mr. Obama what are you doing here?

I have come to exact my revenge on you penguins for allowing my wife to die at the hands of Donald Trump

But Mr. Obama we’ve done everything we could!

I’ve already made up my mind.

Mr. Obama don’t do it! This won’t bring Michelle back!

NNNIIIIGGGAAAAAA

*Screams

*Plane crash

*Explosion

Skippers Log #32 Barack Obama has struck us out of the sky by saying the N word.

It just doesn’t make sense skipper, Obama would never say the N word.

I don’t understand it either Kowalski, but some things you just got to live with. Unless! Donald Trump I’ve should have known it was you!!

Skipper my son I see you have discovered my master plan. Now that I have taken over Obama's body, I have free reign to say the N word whenever and however I please.

So, what you are saying is that you are inside of another man.

Why yes, I suppose you can say that.

But Mr. Trump wouldn’t that make you GAY?!

NO, THIS CAN'T BE

NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Well boys we did it, racism is no more.

Hello Skipper.

Mr. Obama what are you doing here?

I came to thank you for your great service to this country.

No Thanks necessary Mr. Obama.

As a token of my gratitude, I’d like to give you the N word pass.

Mr. Obama it is an honor to call you

MY NIGGA.

And as to you old friend.
